Alright, welcome to the Makeshift Aim Trainer! Inspired by the popular game of Osu and Aim Trainer applications I present this application developed in Python that allows you to practice and improve your skills in reaction and aim by playing a simple game. This game was made using the Tkinter library and has a clear and easy-to-use graphical user interface. And now below are the directions on how to play the game to enable you to enjoy the game.

Before the user begins the user needs to input 2 values to customize the game to their liking on the difficulty and the length. To do so you will be asked to input the time in milliseconds that the ball should be on the screen and the total time of the game in seconds. These inputs regulate how challenging the game session is, and for how long it lasts. After filling these values the UI will appear and you'll click on the “Start Game” button to start the game. The game window will contain a timer and a points counter on the screen. The objective of the game is to target and click the balls that randomly pop up at any point on the screen. Every time you click the balls you will gain points that may rack up.

In the game, the ball will appear at a specific time that you will set by the duration of the time you set. The actual timer and points counter will be updated automatically after each move by the game. In case the timer counts down to zero, then the game shall be over and your total score will be shown below near the timer. If you click on a ball before it disappears your points will be added and a new ball will be generated early. For some small added fun, the ball can randomly be red or blue when they appear. 

And this, is CS50 *quack* *quack* 🦆